[Music]
what's up guys it's both wings of
redemption I don't know if you know me
but I love conspiracy theories and I'm
also very fond of Egypt Egypt impresses
me in so many ways
there's the alien prophecies there's the
actual ideal of you know how the hell
did Giza get built
there's the quarry's there's the power
generators at the hydraulic generators
or the hydrogen generators we're gonna
go ahead and talk about some of these so
I brought one of my buddies in you might
all know him as mr. chaos math he
doesn't London music on my channel you
should check him out once you go and say
hi dude hey what's going on everybody
what's up wings yeah I figured come on
talk about some pyramids with you some
some of that crazy shit cuz yeah I mean
the great the Great Pyramid is I had one
of my favorite things to study in
ancient civilization and there's just so
much about it that really nobody nobody
can really say for sure it's just tons
of conspiracy theories a lot of I mean
even scientists been studying this this
thing for you know hundreds of years
still really can't tell you so it's
pretty cool you know it always bothers
me about the pyramids it's that seamless
they are like they've been beaten up for
shit thousands of years by the weather
obviously but the fact is if you look at
the base rock is almost like you
couldn't slip a piece of paper in
between them they're just cut so
perfectly and this is the the Bronze Age
right it was in the Bronze Age oh well I
it's like 2500 BC I'm not sure was the
hardest metal of the head there was a
really soft metal like yeah oh yeah they
hadn't they hadn't created iron yet not
even close how do you but close so they
had it had to be the Bronze Age and like
bronze if you chip a little bronze
pickaxe on some granite or limestone
which is I think the Pyramid of Giza is
made our limestone it's not gonna last
too long so you got to make tons of
these things it's almost like playing
Minecraft for some shit seriously yeah I
built that I've built the fucking period
in Minecraft and it takes long in that
but yeah I mean this this thing is so
big - like that's what's crazy about
about Giza right I mean the fact that it
was built here's here okay let me tell
you this here's what I think is the
craziest thing about Giza right it was
built in the 4th dynasty which is what
like we said way the fuck back 2500 BC
now this wasn't even close to when the
Egyptian Empire was at its peak
that happened like 1300 years after they
finished the Great Pyramid of Giza so
you would have figured that like when
they were at the height of their power
right they had you know huge territory
they they could have brought materials
in from from all over their empire and
and they didn't the fact is they did
this thing way way earlier in their in
their history with mathematics that
nobody can explain how they got and like
you're saying the thing is so precise I
mean this thing is like it's within like
1% of perfect accuracy still today right
I mean we're in what you know the we're
2,000 years past the BCE era so we're
like you know this like 40 hours I live
in is isn't 100% on flat ground and it
took them forever to even get it close
right so think of how think of how long
this thing's been sitting there for over
4,000 years and it's you know the earth
is settled there's banging you know
that's you know there if there's a big
tsunami all right yeah right all that
shit changes the earth right this thing
is still accurate to within 1% it's just
it doesn't make sense
and like you're saying like this thing
was so perfect I mean when you look at
pictures of it now you know it looks
like shit all the casing stones have
been pulled off I mean it used to have a
completely smooth surface I mean this
thing must have looked used to hello
granite casing didn't if I'm pretty sure
yeah it was like polished granite casing
stones that covered the entire thing so
I mean it must have blood must look like
fucking a million bucks like you see not
black granite sitting out there yeah I
mean I guess it was the tallest human
structure up until I don't know I think
it's something like the Lincoln some
something I know I might want to go to
the aliens thing but I have to ask this
question how did the Egyptians build
these pyramids obviously but at the same
time the Mayans across the world which
they had no connectivity with each other
at all they were a fucking ocean away
from each other they're building
pyramids too and their pyramids like you
know like Machu Picchu you have like you
know the pyramids where they found the
actual Mayan calendar and stuff those
are almost perfect as well like the
Pyramid of light in the Mayans they has
365 steps and each
the Sun Goes Down the shadow of that
step goes down one day how the fuck you
do that shit it's kind of it kind of
makes you wonder I mean again you know
we're talking this thing was built so
long ago are we under estimating yeah I
mean I really like did they really have
they might have had a complex
mathematics system but the no well here
okay here's here's how I refute that and
this gets back to what I was saying
about when it was built in the timeline
of the Egyptian Empire if if the
Egyptians had this kind of math down
that early and they weren't even at the
top of their power the top of the
Egyptian dynasty was like Tutankhamun or
I can cut all that shit it was like it
was called a new Kingdom it was like
fifteen hundred years after they
finished the Great Pyramid don't you
think that one of these pharaohs who was
way richer had way more advanced society
would have built something as good or
better I would think so Spinks was
before them and that and I consider the
Sphinx a much greater achievement than
the Great Pyramid of Giza you do why
because it's one solid piece of stone
well yeah but they just had to carve the
fuck out of the ground fuck out of it
like how do you get like you know
fifteen thousand workers to carve a
big-ass lion with the Pharaohs head on
it you whip the shit off you can't you
can't whip the shit out of them because
think about it all right
they're not the biggest dynasty in the
world you obviously have other things to
worry your manpower with than just
building a pyramid or building a sphinx
you got to worry about food you got to
worry about water you're gonna worry
about famine you got to worry about
disease there's a lot of things on a
Pharaoh's mind he's not just like eating
grapes and getting you know fucking hot
bitches so you can't burn your manpower
by beating in the death and making them
build pyramids for 200 years and
expected the other I mean those Carver's
would need to be you know gotta have a
salient Carver to do that kind of stuff
and like if you had frost and better you
wouldn't sitting there beat him to death
you'd give him food water they keep I
think the Sphinx is pretty badass but I
think what distinguishes it from the
Great Pyramid again is that is the math
and just the pure logistics of it I mean
how many stones they had to get how they
had to get them where they quarried them
from how they carried them all
they coordinated at all and they ended
up with this absolutely perfect
structure it's just that you ski really
can't explain it and then it leaves you
believe well why did they build it are
we really supposed to believe this was
just to put some old-ass crusty mummy in
when they got done I don't know I did
here's another question like you said
this was before they got into their
mainstay power when they had all the
gold and all the big armies right yeah I
didn't like to Tut King Tut and create
this huge massive one to outdo him
that's exactly what I would say it goes
not exist back then if yeah you could
have you think that if they could have
if they could have just pulled a Great
Pyramid out of their ass whenever they
felt like it that then if you look at
the pyramids that were created after you
know the old old dynasties they look
like shit in comparison to this thing
and the mathematics don't don't match it
it's just not as it's not as accurate
it's nowhere near as tall and again you
know yeah they were they were more
affluent than then the Egypt that built
the Great Pyramid at Giza so it just it
just doesn't really doesn't really add
up it seems it seems out of place so
yeah you know you connect it with the
Mayans and some of that other shit you
start to ask yourself like well I don't
know I mean maybe there's something
going on with this thing
well maybe we'll never know maybe this
has been to conclude apart one of this
if you'd like to us to continue this
talk please leave a rating if this thing
gets more than 4000 ratings we will do
part two yes limit of Giza
check out cast math and description he
makes some kickass music he does some
really good videos and he has probably
one of the best Minecraft Let's Plays on
YouTube Pease be